Huh?
[BOY B]
We did it!
We're the best! Yeah!
[SAKURAI]
Hey, thanks so much
for helping Yuto
out the other day.
[FUTABA]
Oh, no prob.
He's always getting lost.
It's been, like,
a regular thing lately!
Come on! Did you have
to say it out loud?
And thanks to you too, Natsumi.
Sure.
Seriously.
It's impossible to thank
you two enough for this!
[chuckles]
No worries, kid.
[WAITRESS]
I'm sorry about the wait.
Oh, wow! This looks good!
My cheeks are
falling off, you guys!
Huh, okay, uh...
What are you trying to do, here?
[NATSUMI] Well, I'm saving
your cheeks, of course.
You know
I didn't mean it literally.
[SAKURAI] Aw, no fair!
I wanna pinch 'em, too!
Okay, quit, that's enough!
[YUTO laughs]
You two are pretty close, huh?
Yeah, that's what happens
when you've been friends
since junior high.
[YUTO]
Oh, wow!
I did get the worst first
impression of her, though.
Really? You did?
Are you kidding me?
[YUTO] I'd love to
hear more about that.
[FUTABA]
Hmm...
Ahem!
I'll never forget that spring.
My first year in junior high.
[NATSUMI]
Huh?
[FUTABA]
What should I do?
Why is the thing bouncing
all over the place like that?
I can't be late on my
first day at a new school!
Oh, man, what am
I supposed to do?
Uh, sorry!
[FUTABA]
She looks scary!
But she is wearing
my school's uniform.
So, I guess
I'll just follow her.
[FUTABA]
Huh?
Huh?!
Hey! Wait up, wouldja?
Tell me why you're running away!
Please, wait!
Dude, how are you this fast?
[NATSUMI]
Hm...
Tell me why you're following me.
Because I got lost, that's why.
So, would you mind
if I kept following you?
[NATSUMI]
Hm...
Sure, fine. Whatever.
[FUTABA] She doesn't seem
like a bad person or anything.
And she's got
such a nice figure.
She's pretty, too.
[sighs]
So, compared to her, I'm...
Hey, wait. How old are you?
Oh, 13, actually, so...
Huh?
No way. You're older than me?
[NATSUMI]
That's wild.
We're both in the same grade.
You're so short
I thought you were younger.
Seriously?
Yeah, I'm short, but you
should never judge people
by the way they look!
Sorry for that.
It just seems like
I should've noticed you.
Someone so short at
that entrance ceremony.
[FUTABA] Well, actually, I only
just transferred here today.
Oh, really?
Guess that's why you got lost.
To be honest, I didn't know
exactly what to do at first,
but you've been really kind,
so, thank you.
[NATSUMI]
I've got a name, you know.
Huh?
Just call me Natsumi.
Natsumi Kurobe.
What's your name?
I'm Futaba Igarashi.
It's nice to meet you.
Yeah. I feel the same.
[FUTABA] She's really cute
when she smiles.
Well, here we are.
Ahh...
This is an arcade.
[NATSUMI]
Mm-hmm.
What about school?
Listen, I never said that's
where I was going, did I?
I plan to ditch
the whole day. See ya!
[NATSUMI laughs]
[FUTABA] She made me
way late for the first day
at my new school!
Yeah.
I do remember something
like that happening--
That's because it happened!
[YUTO laughs]
No doubt about it, the two
of you really are crazy-close!
[FUTABA]
Hmm?
Ahem!
Well, yeah,
I guess we couldn't help it.
Tell us, was she
always this adorable?
Oh, you bet!
You do realize I'm sitting
within earshot, right?
[FUTABA]
Hmm?
Hey, what're you looking at?
Hey!
You know this month's
blossom viewing party?
This is who's doing what.
[FUTABA]
Oh, right.
It's that time of
year already, huh?
[TAKEDA] I'm taking
care of saving a spot.
I can do that if you'd
like me to, y'know.
Huh?
This is the kind of thing
you should delegate
to your underling.
Interesting.
Okay then, let's both do it!
Well, yeah, if you're more
okay with that, I guess.
[CHIEF]
Hey, Takeda!
Could you come
here for a second?
Sure.
Huh?
[groans]
I'm so exhausted.
[NATSUMI]
Yuto?
[YUTO]
Kurobe!
Small world, huh?
You always been a runner?
Ah, long-distance running.
Brings back memories.
That's right.
We keep track of
our times based on pairings.
But I'm the only guy who's
paired up with a girl, so...
Now I get it, you don't
want to look uncool, huh?
Kurobe, why the heck
do you feel like you need
to talk while we're running?
[NATSUMI]
Sorry, that was on purpose.
[YUTO] How come you have
so much stamina, anyway?
I guess because
I did track and field.
Oh! Wow, that's awesome!
I'm not any good at exercising.
You keep at it, though,
and that's commendable.
The thing with me is,
I just like to run, that's all.
[NATSUMI] Isn't there something
you like to do, Yuto?
Huh? Um. I guess, I've always
liked to play basketball.
But it's pretty shocking
how bad I am at it.
What about joining
the basketball club?
I'd like to, but it's just...
I'm pretty sure
I'd only get in the way.
[NATSUMI]
But you like it?
Give it a shot, then.
I think you should do it.
Then you won't have
anything to regret later on.
It goes so fast.
Life as a student
is over in no time.
[sighs]
Oh, junior high.
Turn in your club application
before you leave school today.
Is that understood?
[STUDENTS]
Yes, ma'am.
[NATSUMI whistling]
Hey, whistling's bad manners.
Cut it out.
[NATSUMI]
Hmm...
What club are you
planning to join?
[FUTABA]
Huh? Me?
Oh, that's easy.
It's the art club!
I've always liked to draw.
What about you, Natsumi?
Track and field?
Wait, what?
But why would I do that?
Because it's obvious
you're a fast runner.
I mean, don't you like to run?
[NATSUMI]
It isn't that. It's just...
I hate competitions.
[FUTABA] But the point is,
you like doing it, right?
Well, then, why don't you just
run for your own sake, silly?
It's "Igarashi," right?
I'm think I'm just gonna pick
some random club,
then hit the arcade.
[FUTABA] You're really not
supposed to ditch school,
you know.
Pretty magnificent, isn't it?
Yeah, it really is.
But of course,
two weeks from now,
the cherries'll have
fresh green leaves.
Is that a bad thing?
[FUTABA]
Hmm?
I dunno if it's bad,
but don't you think that green
is plainer than pink?
I wouldn't say that.
Green happens to be a very
pretty color, if you ask me.
[FUTABA]
Green's pretty?
Oh. Really?
Well, yeah, I mean,
it's my natural hair color,
so I try to keep it looking
as good as I can, I guess,
but it can be
interesting to deal with.
[TAKEDA] Huh? I was talking
about the cherry trees.
[FUTABA]
Huh? Oh, right.
[TAKEDA chuckles nervously]
Well, if I'm honest,
I don't know all that much about
beauty or anything, but...
...what I do know is,
I like your hair!
[TAKEDA]
It smells nice, too.
[gasps]
You! You perv!
Huh?
[FUTABA]
I mean, what the heck?
Have you always sniffed me?
Course not!
When you work with someone
as closely as we have,
you smell them
without meaning to!
[CHIEF] Tonight, your good
conduct has been rewarded
with the cherry blossoms
in full bloom.
Thanks for all your hard work.
So, I say we all let our hair
down and have a good time.
Yes? Cheers! Enjoy!
[EMPLOYEES]
Cheers!
Please try some, if you like.
[TSUKISHIRO]
Those look good.
Did you make them yourself?
[FUTABA] Yes, but I'm
not sure you'll like them.
My gosh.
You're such a good cook,
Igarashi, these are great.
Oh, c'mon. Look,
there's plenty more,
so please feel free
to help yourself.
Beer tastes the best outdoors,
don't you think?
It sure does.
Ta-da!
There's lots of other
good stuff here, too.
[TAKEDA]
Oh, wow!
[HIJIKATA]
Ooishi, come drink with us!
I'm fine, really.
Oh, come on now,
we gotta party tonight!
Uh...
Hey, don't force it
on him or anything.
Here.
Thank you so much!
This looks good!
Yeah.
[SAKURAI] Got enough beer?
I'll pour you some.
[KAZAMA]
Oh, thanks.
Shall I guess which direction
you're looking right now?
[KAZAMA]
No, please don't.
[OOISHI]
Hey, Chief!
What song are you singing?
Can't ya...
[hiccup]
...sing it with
a little more soul?
'Cause we all deserve
at least that much!
[CHIEF] Wow, Ooishi,
you're like a different person
when you're drunk, huh?
Hey, listen!
A song's gotta have soul
or it's not a song at all.
Soul! Soul!
What are you doing, stupid?
Hey, stay outta this!
The fun's about to start.
[HIJIKATA]
I'm so, so sorry!
Tell me, was Ooishi
always like that?
I heard he was in the
pop music club as a student.
How 'bout you? Which club?
I was in the art club.
Oh! That's right, I remember
that bear you drew me.
I thought that was great!
Hey, now, don't
try to flatter me!
I wasn't just being polite.
You like to draw, don't ya'?
So, be confident in that.
I think being passionate
about something is
a fine gift to have.
A friend said something similar
to me, way back in the day.
We've been friends
since we were kids.
And we both live here in Tokyo,
so we still hang out a lot.
Ahhh...
I bet she's the one in that
picture you've got in your room!
Picture? How do you
know about that?
'Cause I was at your place
when you were sick
in bed, remember?
That's how--
[FUTABA]
Well, you're actually right
about the girl in the picture.
Her name is Natsumi
and it's because of her
that I still like to draw.
Did something happen?
[sighs] Oh, you know,
just this and that.
Come on, gimme the scoop.
I'm all ears.
Well, if you really insist.
Hey, check it out.
Huh?
Yo, Igarashi!
Ah! What do you want?
Whatcha drawing over there?
Come on, show us!
[FUTABA]
Uh, well, that's...
[BOY G]
What is this?
A bear.
[laughing]
For real?
It looks more like a pig!
If you're done now,
then give it back.
Hey, I've got it!
Why don'tcha let us
draw something?
No! Please give it back!
It's really important to me!
Hey, calm down!
Don't get all serious on us.
--Please!
--What's wrong?
All we wanna do is
draw a picture, too.
Huh? Wait, are you crying?
[STUDENT A]
What was that?
[STUDENT B] That's the girl
who's always tardy.
[STUDENT E]
This is not good.
[STUDENT C]
Somebody, go get the teacher.
[NATSUMI]
Igarashi. Here you go.
It's important to you, right?
[NATSUMI] Stop giving her
a hard time, you hear me?
[BOY G]
Oh man, you can't be serious!
[BOY F]
Hey, I think you'd better stop.
Igarashi, you're really
joining the art club
even though your drawing stinks?
[STUDENT D]
Is he all right?
[NATSUMI]
Shut your big, fat mouth.
Huh?!
Igarashi can join
whatever club she wants.
No matter what!
She's doing it because
she actually likes to draw!
What is this?
Just what do you guys
think you're doing?
[FUTABA] I sure hope
Natsumi's doing okay.
[BOY G]
Igarashi.
Uh! Yes? What is it?
At first, all we
really wanted to do
was give you a
bit of a hard time.
We didn't realize your notebook
was important
enough to cry over.
Anyhow, now we're
joining the baseball club.
But we're only joining
because we both like it so much.
But the fact is,
we both seriously suck at it.
[BOY G]
So, when Kurobe punched me,
I realized what
I said was pretty mean.
I'm really sorry
for getting worked up
and saying those stupid things.
[BOY F]
Me, too.
[FUTABA]
Natsumi!
What is it? You all right?
Sure, I'm good.
Those boys, however,
they told the teacher
what happened,
so that could be bad.
But I was the one who
knocked that chair over.
I'm the one who
obviously started the fight.
Just don't go punching
anyone else, 'kay?
[NATSUMI] Well, I'm glad
you're all right, Igarashi.
[FUTABA]
Natsumi, if it's okay with you,
I'd really like it if you'd
call me Futaba from now on.
Huh?!
[FUTABA]
Is that a no?
Uh, okay, sure.
You can keep calling me
Natsumi like you already do.
Yep! Done!
--Natsumi!
--Futaba!
Okay, I'm gonna head home.
Hey, wait a sec!
Um, if you don't want to,
it's totally okay.
But will you join
the art club with me?
Huh?
[FUTABA] I thought it'd be
more fun if you were there, too,
that's all.
[NATSUMI]
Sorry, Futaba.
I just turned in
my club application.
Huh? Which one did you pick?
[NATSUMI]
Track and field.
Oh... Why do that?
Well, because...
...running's just the best.
[FUTABA ]
That's her.
She taught me how to have
the courage to do what I like,
no matter what.
So, when I was feeling anxious
about coming to Tokyo by myself,
I just tried to remember
what she said to me that day.
Natsumi really is a great gal.
Hey, could you draw me
something else sometime?
I mean, again, I don't know
anything about art stuff,
but I really do
like your pictures.
Oh. Okay, I will.
--[OOISHI] Love and soul!
--[TSUKISHIRO] Soul!
--[OOISHI] Love and...
You guys, come on!
Knock it off now!
Great, my ears are ringing.
Who let them drink that much?
That was a bad idea!
--[OOISHI] Love and soul!
--[TSUKISHIRO] Soul!
Ah. Hey, Natsumi!
Oh, thanks for chatting before.
Do you come here often?
Yeah, 'cause it's
really close to work.
How's Yuto been doing?
Seems he's trying hard
at long-distance running.
How did you know that?
You're right of course,
lately he's been running
first thing in the morning,
and he's joined
the basketball club!
Ah.
Huh... Does he look
like he's enjoying it?
[SAKURAI]
Hmm.
He told me it's pretty hard,
but it's also a lot of fun.
That's good to hear.
Please tell him
I'm cheering him on, okay?